I don't know what to make of this the
brilliant Labs frame sounds kind of
great they're AI glasses with a micro
OLED display 40 G weight that's pretty
good not to mention claimed all day
battery life with their Mr
power accessory but I've been bamboozled
before and anything with AI on it has a
huge huge uphill battle ahead of it to
sell me on it so let's unbox this bad
boy and see what we can learn about oh
step one tutorials step two download the
app no step one finish unboxing it then
I'll get to the tutorials we've got a
couple of optional nose
pieces I feel smarter
already oh my
God this is the charging cradle okay
that might be the cutest thing I have
ever seen I want wear it with
it how do I
look all right first impressions I
definitely can't completely see through
the micro OLED display there's a bit of
a border here where the glass and the
other glass interact however it's usable
is this a picture of their team or
something none of them are wearing
it okay all right they're a small
company they're a small company they
still got to work on those little
details like making sure that you're
drinking your own Kool-Aid nose piece
definitely helps a little bit with me I
got to say weight
distribution not bad like I could shake
these off if I really wanted
to but I'd have to really go full Tailor
Swift you know and man it really it
really like sits on the bone there oh do
I want to talk about how it looks I
don't know why don't you come talk about
how it looks how do I look I'm going to
have my hand here just in case I need it
uh you look very French
that's that's it you look very French oh
really okay mhm in like a trendy way or
in like a we surrendered immediately way
uh like you drink 20 espresso oh okay
I'll let you take that as you will
here's the Pogo pin contacts for the
cute little nose piece charger which by
the way is USBC you love to see
it wow tiny PCB in here you know it's
kind of shockingly impressive like I
don't look at these and go oh yeah wow
they're full of electronics it's hard to
hide it because you can see it obviously
but man I mean these frames are no
thicker than some trendy frames these
days and they've manage to pack a
Flippin computer into it the batteries
hang out at the end here which gives
them a pretty good balance compared to a
lot of VR headsets or smart glasses that
I've worn in the past and the
construction feels
pretty cheap um so make of that what you
will oh I think that was the nose fridge
Sure Stop bending them there's a camera
right in the front here which supposedly
can be used to ask questions about the
world around you and even tell you how
many calories you're about to consume
good freaking luck with that and the
micro OLED display is designed to give
an approximately 20° diagonal field of
view whatever that means the main
features are visual recognition powered
by open AI realtime translation either
live translation from speech or text
although how it plans to do speech
translation without speakers is a little
confusing if I have to have my phone out
anyway it sort of raises the question
why couldn't this be an app AI web
search powered by perplexity and image
generation an example they give is
asking to see what your couch would look
like in a different color again I'm sort
of confused as to why I wouldn't just
use my phone for that especially given
that well who knows I don't know I mean
it's got a screen on it okay cool am I
allowed to use the app now after you
talk about our sponsor after I talk
about our sponsor net XT their c500 is
A500 wat 80 plus Platinum certified unit
and this level of efficiency means less
power consumption and a cooler quieter
system it's fully modular so that it's
easier and cleaner to Cable manage plus
it's 180 mm form factor means more k
space and better airf flow see why
cybernetics gave it their titanium
rating and get yours today by clicking
the link in the video description here
we go tutorials it's always cool when
companies put their tutorials on YouTube
cuz you can tell how many people bought
it oh
wow not many going to go over the
process ofing e vertical video so here
we go you just got frame in the mail
really can tell you can tell X Apple
you've got frame in the mail you've got
frame you got a frame you got the frame
it's not a proper noun stop it Apple
started this with the whole iPhone thing
it's an iPhone not iPhone bring your
device close oh it needs the nose on to
pair hey frame found here we go now the
site claims all day battery with the Mr
power accessory but it's not super clear
if Mr power is a battery bank or not
updating software hey there we go that
was painless mostly after the world's
longest update we're ready to go hi I'm
Noah let me show you around tap the side
of your frame to wake me up whoa hey
there we
go oh there's a sweet spot for sure if
it's a little bit too high you see
upside down here and right side up here
if it's an exactly exactly
the right
spot hey it sounds like you might be
talking about adjusting the display
settings or lens alignment
ooh do you need help with specific
adjustments
sure tap me
in tap to finish all right all set what
would you like me to do next I thought
you were going to help me with the
display alignment
okay there you go you have to tap it
twice H it's kind of jarring like
tapping your whole glasses make sure to
adjust the mounting bracket to level the
screen horizontally and ensure the base
is secure how would I rotate this
display surely that's not a thing right
[Music]
no you used a quarter of my
credits what what what' you do to use a
quarter of my credits belt
I walk away for what a couple of hours
while they get everything set up and he
uses a quarter of my credits okay
there's some stuff to talk about here
it's free but you get a limited number
of credits and I think they're working
on a paid tier but it doesn't exist yet
so for now you just have a limited
number of credits that you can use for
AI tasks like Voice to Text uh
responding to your questions or
recognizing objects can you guys even
see this at all
like hey Noah tell me a joke joke about
a
giraffe oh my God it doesn't register
the tap like half the time tell me a
joke about tell me a joke about a
giraffe and a priest who walk into a
bar I mean it's just chat GPT right
giraffe and a priest walk into a bar the
bartender looks up and says what is this
a height
contest I'm laughing but not for the
right
reasons what am I looking at right now
this is quite possibly the least
convenient way to do hand in front of a
screen displaying abstract digital
patterns or Graphics wait why can
nothing recognize the LGT store Northern
Lights desk pad we've been through this
before with that other piece of AI thing
damn it can I drink this no you can't
drink that it looks like a small
electronic device or remote control how
would you describe this snack I'm
actually having more success tapping the
right side even though the computer
parts are all over here it looks like a
packaged snack possibly chips biscuits
or crackers but I can't determine the
exact type from here why not it's Miss
Vicky's it's made in Canada it says
original recipe right on it let's make
it a little easier what kind of snack is
this it's like real not that comfortable
to whack a thing sitting on your nose
all a pack of potato
chips hey he you did
it is this a healthy snack potato chips
are typically high in calories salt and
unhealthy fats making them not the
healthiest snack option wow thanks good
advice is it a good idea to drink this
would you like more information about
healthier Alternatives or the
nutritional details of these chips
you're fixated on the chips we're not
talking about the chips anymore it's
like arguing with my wife no I'm kidding
I'm kidding I'm kidding ivonne's very
good at staying on topic during an
argument actually too good is it a good
idea to drink this can you show me the
drink that will help me give you a
precise answer I am showing you the
barcode of the drink I thought you could
read those I can't identify the drink
directly but if you tell me the barcode
number I can help with
that the barcode number is 6 29071
0135 yeah this is so much faster than
just typing something into my phone the
display is very readable though as long
as you don't have anything too bright
behind number I can look up more
information about the drink for you I
just gave you the barcode number the
barcode number is 6 29071 0 0135 0 the
barcode number you provided does not
directly indicate the country of origin
okay here hold on a
second red both energy drink like
immediately where can I buy these shoes
you can purchase gs1 barcodes from gs1
us oh my God that's not what I'm I'm not
even looking at that g shut
up okay where can I buy
the I didn't hit it again please go
ahead and ask your question I am trying
to ask you a question right now where do
I buy these shoes I swear to God Vance
your job is so safe please take a
clearer photo of the shoes focusing on
any brand name or unique details what
I'm supposed to describe
shoes they're shoe shaped and shoe sized
uh they're black they've got a white
soulle green accents they say they're
waterproof it it's prompting me to tap
it in again am I not allowed to talk for
that long I'm taking a picture right now
quick okay I don't know when purchase
Nike shoes with this style from nike.com
I don't want no Nike shoes it doesn't
even tell you when it's taking the
picture so you just have to
like hold still looking at something
forever like a freaking idiot dude I
wanted to like this thing it's all like
open source and stuff and it's actually
like makes you look well I don't know
you look like kind of a dingus but you
know like not so bad and it's not that
heavy but like dude unique patterns on
the shoes themselves brother okay here
I'm taking a picture of the logo of the
shoe you can buy these Adidas shoes on
the official Adidas website or at
popular how is that Adidas all day I
dream about a AI that works at
all what you never heard is this not a
thing no adid I'm yeah yeah it's totally
a thing I'm
not translation would be impossible
unless what you're saying is like one
sentence generate an image of a shoe
that is both fashion forward and
Timeless these white minimalist low top
sneakers are both fashion forward and
Timeless you didn't
generate
hello is it off does it even have an
onoff button man when did onof buttons
go of fashion where's all the info on
the glasses mind you who cares I mean
it's not like you're ever going to
actually use them okay Mr power you turn
it on hey there we go generate a version
of this picture where all the guys are
wearing brilliant Labs frame glasses and
they look unhappy here is the image you
requested honestly kind of cooler
glasses hold on can I open this no no
what I can't even even I can't I can't
even interact with it this is so
stupid and look I know okay I know this
is the kind of thing where like we got
to start somewhere and it's a startup
and you know all that stuff and
everything and such but you're charging
$350 for it brother and you say it does
a bunch of things I'm going to generate
another image generate an image of a
delicious drink kind of like this one I
need a photo in order to generate an
image okay then take one you have a
camera the drink in front of you seems
to be an orange can possibly an energy
drink or soda with blue and white text
or designs on its label good generate an
image of a drink like this one but make
it look
delicious here is the image you
requested I don't think there's much
else to explore here if you buy this for
$350 you're getting
fleeced look these guys don't even wear
it subscribe to Short
Circuit I feel like a sucker